# igorconfig

ABSTRACT
#
With the growing popularity of "Internet of Things" (IoT), devices in our households and offices are becoming configurable to be information sharing “smart” devices and be controlled via network connections. The growth of collection, handling and distribution of data generated by IoT devices presents ethical and privacy issues. Users have no control over what information to keep or reveal, interpretation of data collected, data ownership and who can access specific information generated by the IoT devices owned by them. More and more IoT users are seeking ways to control access to data generated. The main aim of this paper is to describe how to solve data ethical/privacy issues related to IoT using a fine-grained access-control framework on Igor, a centralized home and office automation solution to solve the data sharing and access issues. Data collected from IoT devices are stored in a centralized location controlled by the data owner and all access is controlled and granted through Igor. A Capability-Based Access Control Model (CapBAC) solution has been adapted for this project. The implementation, expert evaluation and performance measurement results demonstrate that this is a promising solution for securing access to data generated by IoT devices.
#
This repository presents the:
#
a) Final Thesis Paper - the complete thesis paper
#
b) Paper for conference - a copy of a concise format for the thesis in 8 pages
#
c) Evaluation via interviews - the results from interviews and testing done with experts
#
d) Performance Benchmark - consists of instructions on how to perform the performance testing again, and also the summary of results
#
e) References - consists of the references used (in bib format) and the past paper we referred to in this project
